---
path: "/blog/2020-05-05"
date: "2020-05-05"
date_string: "May 5th, 2020"
title: "Day 3: Asking friends about research"
category: "daily"
---

Today I documented an ML project that I did as a consultant for a company called Gray Falkon LLC.  There's a confidentiality agreement involved so I can't say much, but it was one of the first serious novel ML projects I've done and I hope it helps them out!

Yesterday I wrote about discovering my research field - I'm still bent on studying it, and I want to reach out to Dr. Fulda of the BYU CS department but I'm a little nervous for some reason. It feels like a big commitment to ask to join a lab because it's not like I'm going to be hopping around different labs so I have to be certain about this one.  But I have a good feeling about Dr. Fulda, she is top tier, communicates well and is very determined.

I talked to my friend today about his research in soft robotics and it sounds so amazing.  I feel like I'm one of those people where everything sounds incredible and I want to do it all, but I think that if I tried, I would never reach the point of scale, and would end up the jack of all trades but master of none. What I really want is to end up a master of something, and anything will do.

I will probably end up sending the email tomorrow to Dr. Fulda.  It seems like whenever I get going on research, the siren call of entrepreneurship looms.  But then when I get going on entrepreneurship, I feel like I'm missing out on research.  I think I need to pick research for now.  Building things and being around smart people is the most important thing, and that is found in both.  But entrepreneurship seems like something I can do anytime, whereas research is more university specific.
