---
path: "/blog/2020-05-03"
date: "2020-05-03"
date_string: "May 3rd, 2020"
title: "Day 1: My Secret Public Journal"
category: "daily"
--- 

A while ago, I watched some videos of the comedian Mike Birbiglia.  He's pretty funny.  I checked out his website and found his blog, entitled "My Secret Public Journal."  For some reason, that's always stuck with me.

I was reading a Medium post today by my old boss/mentor at WhatsApp, about [why he started writing more](https://medium.com/@chrisjluc/why-i-started-writing-more-at-home-and-at-work-8a015981d6f7). To be honest, I've always wanted to start a blog but every time I start writing, I don't feel like posting.  What do I have to write about that would be valuable to the world, anyway?

But after realizing that I was reading some guy's blog post just about his life, I decided that maybe I should get in the habit of sharing.

Writing and sharing things makes me confront who I really am.  It's weird thinking that someday my mom, my boss, and my girlfriend might all be reading this (if that happened would it mean something in my life either went horribly wrong or incredibly right?).  Face to face, I can't help but give each of them different perspectives on the same personal experience.  Here, I have to.

So I'm going to try to blog for the next 100 days, just to prove to myself that I can.  I want to feel accountable to the world for the things that I accomplish.  Maybe someday I'll come back and read all of these as if it were a scrapbook.

As of right now, I'm a student at BYU, living in Albany during the COVID-19 pandemic.  I came back from Facebook where I interned over the winter as a software engineer, and I was planning on going to Taiwan to finish learning Mandarin Chinese, but the 'rona crushed those dreams.  I start my next internship with Microsoft, remote, in 2 weeks.

I want to finish the GRE by the end of August - I don't know if I want to go to graduate school, but I might as well knock out the GRE while I have the time.  I want to start a business or at least ship a real product with real users - I've only ever created toys.  And lastly I want to do research in either machine learning or distributed systems - I've never done serious research before.  Now that I'm typing this out, it sounds like a little much.
