---
path: "/blog/2020-05-06"
date: "2020-05-06"
date_string: "May 6th, 2020"
title: "Day 4: Thinking through ideas"
category: "daily"
---

Sam Altman wrote, "The right goal is to allocate your year optimally, not your day" and for me, it's all too easy to optimize the other way around.

Today, I sent an email to Nancy Fulda asking to join her research team!  She hasn't replied yet (and for that matter, neither have Dr. Farrell or Kimball Germane?  Maybe the professors are busy or something?  I will follow up on this tomorrow).

My girlfriend and I also had some ideas for projects: one is a "reach out and be mentored" program where you can build connections by reaching out to people, like a engineers, students, etc, just to chat and learn more about each other. That would be so cool!  Another idea is to have a layman's automatic lawyer, a scanner of sorts for contracts that crowdsources tons of contracts and sees "what's normal" in order to tell you when there's an anomaly.  When there's an anomaly, maybe there could be some kind of "explain" button that shows what's different and maybe even outsources to a remote paralegal who takes a look?

I investigated Optical Music Recognition today since I was thinking about making a better sightreading app.  But unfortunately, the technology is still hit and miss, and I also found a better way - just download full sightreading books off of IMSLP and read through them.  That's the implicit competitor in this space that Todd was talking about.  For now, I'm going to shelf the idea. I think the only compelling feature of that app would be that I could produce curated datasets for sightreading by topic, like hymns, classical, jazz, choir music, accompaniments for violin, etc.  Maybe someday!

I also spent a good chunk of time today doing GRE questions - some of them are very tricky, especially in the verbal section.  I'd like to spend at least some time everyday working on practice questions and I hope to be comfortable enough to take the GRE with confidence by August.
