---
path: "/blog/2020-05-04"
date: "2020-05-04"
date_string: "May 4th, 2020"
title: "Day 2: Research vs. Business"
category: "daily"
---

There are two things on my life bucket list.  Push the edge of the field by doing great research and sharing it with the world, and starting a profitable business.  If I could do those two things, to basically any extent, I could die happy.  Maybe even just one of those things.

But I've never succeeded at either yet.  I've always floundered around, trying this or that but never really committing to anything.

And I'm sick of it.  Great people in the world don't say "I want to do great research" or "I want to start a business", they are simply relentlessly pursuing what they believe will change the world.  I feel a little bit backwards.

But today I'm ready to commit.  I want to devote my research and my time to developing the usability of machine learning.  I don't care about pushing the latest accuracy.  I care about getting the best bang for the buck - and bringing the powers of ML to the world at large.  It's the golden age of data and that shows no sign of slowing; but so far the power of that data is concentrated in the hands of the few with racks and racks of T/GPUs.

It makes sense to me; my current abilities and expertise are in ML, statistics, distributed systems, and business.  I hope I can use all of those things to help democratize machine learning.

I reached out to someone I really admire, Andrew Carr, for advice, and he said he'd be willing to chat!  Super excited for that.  He gave me an incredible pointer to get in touch with Dr. Nancy Fulda who led the prize-winning Alexa team at BYU.  I'm super excited to get in touch with her tomorrow.

I also reached out to some of my amazing peers, Taylor Sorensen and Orion Weller for their thoughts on research.

As far as business-building, I talked to one of the experienced faculty of the Ballard Center today, Todd Manowar.  He gave a lot of great insights.  Some of the things that stuck out to me were that in his career, he always knew he preferred business, and he eschewed the path that he said 95% of the other CS students took: research and Masters.

Another amazing point that Todd gave is that when you bring a product to a space, you always have competition.  Sometimes that competition is implicit in what people **already** do before the product comes.  For example, there's a team Todd talked about who are working in Ghana to provide an SMS system to healthcare workers who take care of expectant mothers - it used to all be done on paper.  The government loves the idea, the workers don't find it to be too "sticky", because the workers prefer the paper method.

I'm ready to devote my time and focus to a few things instead of being all spread out.
